RFC: Built in buffer type and library (#739)
Roblox/luau: rfcs/type-byte-array.md

Pushes new buffer of size `l` onto the stack.

`void* luaL_checkbuffer(lua_State* L, int narg, size_t* len);`

Similar to `lua_tobuffer`, but throws a tag error if there is no buffer at specified location.

`int luaopen_buffer(lua_State* L);`

Registers the 'buffer' library. If `luaL_openlibs` is used, that includes the 'buffer' library.

`LUA_BUFFERLIBNAME`

Macro containing the 'buffer' library name.

## Drawbacks

This introduces 'buffer' as a class type in global typing context and adds new global 'buffer' table.
While class type might intersect with user-defined 'buffer' type, such type redefinitions are already allowed in Luau, so this should not cause new type errors.
Same goes for the global table, users can already override globals like 'string', so additional of a new global is backwards-compatible, but new table will not be accessible in such a case.

This increases the complexity of the VM a little bit, since support for new tagged type is required in interpreter loop and GC.

There is also a string buffer C API; by having functions talk about 'buffer' (like `luaL_extendbuffer`) and use `luaL_Buffer`, it might be a point of confusion for C API users.

> ## Extensions

Reviewer: This entire section should probably be rewritten as part of "Alternatives" because we are not adding cursor based APIs or resizing support at this time.

Reviewer 2: Changed.

To support additional use cases, we can provide a set of `pushTYPE` and `takeTYPE` library functions and extend the type to have an internal cursor.
This will make it easy to write/read data from a buffer as one would from a file, without having to track the current offset manually.
Additional functions like `pos` and `setpos` can be added to access this internal cursor.

This extension can be made by changing the internal representation without affecting older code.

One drawback here might be that the cursor is attached to the data and raises a question if the value is preserved when object is serialized over the network.

---

> Additional possibility will be to make the buffer change size automatically by `pushTYPE` interface. (explicit resize can be implemented with the existing interface).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An additional possibility would be to make the buffer change size automatically by `pushTYPE` interface (explicit resize can be implemented with the existing interface).
```
